Q: What is the capital of Alabama?
A: The capital of Alabama is Montgomery.

Q: What is the capital of Alaska?
A: The capital of Alaska is Juneau.

Q: What is the capital of Arizona?
A: The capital of Arizona is Phoenix.

Q: What is the capital of Arkansas?
A: The capital of Arkansas is Little Rock.

Q: What is the capital of California?
A: The capital of California is Sacramento.

Q: What is the capital of Colorado?
A: The capital of Colorado is Denver.

Q: What is the capital of Connecticut?
A: The capital of Connecticut is Hartford.

Q: What is the capital of Delaware?
A: The capital of Delaware is Dover.

Q: What is the capital of Florida?
A: The capital of Florida is Tallahassee.

Q: What is the capital of Georgia?
A: The capital of Georgia is Atlanta.

Q: What is the capital of Hawaii?
A: The capital of Hawaii is Honolulu.

Q: What is the capital of Idaho?
A: The capital of Idaho is Boise.

Q: What is the capital of Illinois?
A: The capital of Illinois is Springfield.

Q: What is the capital of Indiana?
A: The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis.

Q: What is the capital of Iowa?
A: The capital of Iowa is Des Moines.

Q: What is the capital of Kansas?
A: The capital of Kansas is Topeka.

Q: What is the capital of Kentucky?
A: The capital of Kentucky is Frankfort.

Q: What is the capital of Louisiana?
A: The capital of Louisiana is Baton Rouge.

Q: What is the capital of Maine?
A: The capital of Maine is Augusta.

Q: What is the capital of Maryland?
A: The capital of Maryland is Annapolis.

Q: What is the capital of Massachusetts?
A: The capital of Massachusetts is Boston.

Q: What is the capital of Michigan?
A: The capital of Michigan is Lansing.

Q: What is the capital of Minnesota?
A: The capital of Minnesota is Saint Paul.

Q: What is the capital of Mississippi?
A: The capital of Mississippi is Jackson.

Q: What is the capital of Missouri?
A: The capital of Missouri is Jefferson City.

Q: What is the capital of Montana?
A: The capital of Montana is Helena.

Q: What is the capital of Nebraska?
A: The capital of Nebraska is Lincoln.

Q: What is the capital of Nevada?
A: The capital of Nevada is Carson City.

Q: What is the capital of New Hampshire?
A: The capital of New Hampshire is Concord.

Q: What is the capital of New Jersey?
A: The capital of New Jersey is Trenton.

Q: What is the capital of New Mexico?
A: The capital of New Mexico is Santa Fe.

Q: What is the capital of New York?
A: The capital of New York is Albany.

Q: What is the capital of North Carolina?
A: The capital of North Carolina is Raleigh.

Q: What is the capital of North Dakota?
A: The capital of North Dakota is Bismarck.

Q: What is the capital of Ohio?
A: The capital of Ohio is Columbus.

Q: What is the capital of Oklahoma?
A: The capital of Oklahoma is Oklahoma City.

Q: What is the capital of Oregon?
A: The capital of Oregon is Salem.

Q: What is the capital of Pennsylvania?
A: The capital of Pennsylvania is Harrisburg.

Q: What is the capital of Rhode Island?
A: The capital of Rhode Island is Providence.

Q: What is the capital of South Carolina?
A: The capital of South Carolina is Columbia.

Q: What is the capital of South Dakota?
A: The capital of South Dakota is Pierre.

Q: What is the capital of Tennessee?
A: The capital of Tennessee is Nashville.

Q: What is the capital of Texas?
A: The capital of Texas is Austin.

Q: What is the capital of Utah?
A: The capital of Utah is Salt Lake City.

Q: What is the capital of Vermont?
A: The capital of Vermont is Montpelier.

Q: What is the capital of Virginia?
A: The capital of Virginia is Richmond.

Q: What is the capital of Washington?
A: The capital of Washington is Olympia.

Q: What is the capital of West Virginia?
A: The capital of West Virginia is Charleston.

Q: What is the capital of Wisconsin?
A: The capital of Wisconsin is Madison.

Q: What is the capital of Wyoming?
A: The capital of Wyoming is Cheyenne.
